Add link to the documentation (#59)
coyo8/sec-edgar: README.rst

-  4
-  SD

Documentation
--------------

> To learn more about the APIs and latest changes in the project; read the [official documentation](https://www.rudrakos.com/sec-edgar/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the APIs and latest changes in the project, read the [official documentation](https://www.rudrakos.com/sec-edgar/).
```

> To read more about the APIs and latest changes in the project; please follow to official [documentation](https://www.rudrakos.com/sec-edgar/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the APIs and latest changes in the project; read the [official documentation](https://www.rudrakos.com/sec-edgar/).
```
